15/11/2017 - 10:30

Members in attendance: Oliver Chamberlain, Daniel Jamieson, Ross Warren, Douglas Simpson


Discussed and reviewed the previous week's work.

Discussed eliminating the farm building due to it not really fitting with the game's justification for why the wood and stone etc cannot be
used as building materials and why materials are harvested from the dinosaurs. 

Daniel asked Douglas for a list of which tiles are able to be neighbouring tiles on each orthogonal direction for the terrain tiles. This is required alongside the tiles
themselves for his task this week to complete the terrain implementation.

Clarified Ross' UI designs and requested alterations.


11:10 - Ross and Douglas left
12:00 - Meeting end


Tasks
-------

Oliver
Implement the barracks building system and UI
Design and implement the item database
tweak the armour equipping system to no longer include the helmet slot


Daniel
complete the implementation of the terrain system with the new terrain set
Iterate on the carnivore hunting behaviour


Ross
Create visual affordances and designs within the UI
Playtest the UI
Research into design methods for visual affordances and designs


Douglas
Modelling more terrain tiles - continued from last week
T pose the main character model 
Make 4 new chestplates for colonist equipment
Make different coloured capes for each colonist type


Addendum -

On Sunday:
	Oliver and Douglas discussed whether it is more beneficial to the game to recycle and recolour assets for the colonist armour or to make seperate models for each
	armour type. Oliver's argument was that in terms of time efficiency it would be most effective for the project to recycle old assets and re-visit this should a time
	become available to do so. Douglas' argument was that quote "Palette swapping is a lazy waste of potential". No resolution was decided. This will be a topic at the next group meeting.
On Monday: 
	Oliver, Douglas and Ross picked up the previous discussion about recycling assets. Ross' opinion was that he assumed that we would recolour and recycle the assets and then suggested that
	this should be a topic of the next group meeting. Ross also presented some evidence of other games doing this, such as runescape which shares a similar low poly art style with a 3rd person
	overhead camera. Douglas' opinion is that recolouring the assets for the colonist leg armour would not work, because he has already modelled some chest pieces
	and would rather model colonist leg armour outside of the assigned development time than use placeholder graphics.
	Oliver suggested creating an asset list for all art assets, animations and behaviours required to create a working product, to better allow the group to understand what level of work needs 
	to be done before beginning to balance and polish the game.
	Daniel requested that the group stay behind following our meeting with Dave on Wednesday until 3pm in order to go over the feedback from Dave, to create an asset list and to show Ross and Douglas
	what parts of the unity project they need to access for balancing purposes.








